---
title: "Chrome"
bg: white
color: black
fa-icon: c
circleimage: "img/chrome.png"
---

# DuckieTV ♥ Chrome


DuckieTV for Chrome comes in 2 versions: One that installs itself as your browser's "new tab" page, and one that just provides an easily accessible button to open DuckieTV.

<div id="chrome-downloads">
	<h2>Install DuckieTV For Chrome</h2>
    <span>Unfortunately, due to a change to the Google Chrome Web Store security rules (Dec 2019), Dtv is no longer being accepted as an extension app.<br>
	The only way currently to install Dtv as Chrome extensions is via the browser extensions Development mode page.<br>
	See <a href="https://github.com/SchizoDuckie/DuckieTV/wiki/How-to-Install-a-Development-version-of-the-DuckieTV-Chrome-Browser-Extension-NIGHTLY" target="_blank">Installing DuckieTV Nightly Chrome Browser Extensions</a> for details.</span>

	<div class="clearfix"></div>
</div>
<br>
<div id="permissions">
	<h3>Permissions</h3>
	<span>Chrome will report that this plugin wants to access your data on all websites and read/modify your browser history.<br>

	The permissions are actually less scary than they look. Chrome doesn't have the granular permissions system that Android has, so labels can be confusing versus what they're actually used for.</span><br>

	<div class="permissions">
		<strong>Access your data on all websites</strong>
		<span>The plugin request permissions to access http://*.*/ to be able to allow any random mirror to be used for The Pirate Bay and custom trackers in the future. Chrome's extension model requires you to whitelist *exactly* the urls that you are accessing, which becomes impossible because of this.</span><br>

		<strong>Read and modify your browser history</strong>
		<span>The plugin requests this to use the Chrome.Topsites API that allows to display your most favorite sites on the new tab extension. If you do not wish to give this permission, please use the 'Browser Action' version.</span>
	</div>
</div>